a woman from Las Vegas is suing cliven
Bundy you might remember him for his
problems with the federal government
she's suing him because she crashed into
one of his cows on Interstate 15 and was
severely injured as a result of it the
suit that she filed claims the Bundy
recklessly carelessly and negligently
allowed his cows to enter onto
Interstate 15 through an area where he
had no grazing or other rights she is
seeking at least $20,000 for medical
expenses lost income and other damages
quote from her lawyer says she's lucky
she lived I've been practicing since
1975 and I've never seen someone with so
many broken ribs and so basically the
quick version of what happened
her and her husband were traveling along
Interstate 15 after 1:00 a.m. about 75
miles per hour when they came across a
group of his cows which were blocking
the entire highway they weren't able to
stop in time they swerved hit one of the
cows who ended up on the roof of the car
the car ended up going off the road
entering a culvert and they were
severely injured as a result of it now
he is not hearing this lawsuit he
doesn't think that it's his
responsibility at all and understand
this is a guy who thinks that the
federal government should just leave him
alone let him do his grazing he
shouldn't have to pay any fees or
anything
he thinks the opposite actually but now
when he's caused medical harm to this
woman he's saying it's a state problem
it's not our problem we really feel bad
when it happens we sure don't want it to
happen but we're not liable when it
happens this happened often to his cows
constantly if I conveyed high weight
thereby we feel really bad when those
cows go arrangin in anyway called
arrangement I guess I'm not much of a
farmer and he did say the person whose
car hit that cow is liable to me so she
has massive medical bills that have to
be paid because as she hit a cow there's
a problem in that part of the world
apparently yeah I listen I mean the
guy's a cheese nuts and it like you said
it's a lost river the fact that you know
people love to go after lawyers right
until they need a lawyer and now he
wants the money for the cow just like
the person who wants to go after the
malpractice attorney Oh their tort
reform tort reform tort reform and then
you lose your leg to a doctor that what
are you gonna do you're gonna call a
malpractice attorney exactly
you know so yeah it's it's you know
don't tread on me until I need you yeah
I could use some tread in right right
now exactly yeah I think that this case
perfectly sums up the problem with with
many not all but many libertarians are
self-described
traditional libertarians in the United
States understand that this happened
just two days after federal authorities
backed down from their armed
confrontation with him and his varied
militias that were supporting him
so almost at this at 48 hours before
this happened he was saying the federal
government needs to get off his back
stop trying to charge him for using this
grazing land that nobody else is using
he shouldn't have to pay although so
many other ranchers do he should be
exempt from that and then two days later
when his negligence in securing the
borders literally of his land caused
someone to be harmed he didn't control
his borders he should put up a fence
perhaps then he needs them to step in so
when when its profitable for you to be
left alone that's what you want when
it's profitable for you to be assisted
that's what you want from the federal
government there that's not how you
build a fully functioning democratic
society